Add CONTRIBUTING.md (renames BUILD.md) (#1697)
pester/Pester: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Running Tests

> In Powershell, run test.ps1. This defines the inherited function InPesterModuleScope and some types required for the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pester uses two types of tests:
 
1. P tests (`*.ts.ps1`) written in the P module. These are used for unit testing the runtime itself and running acceptance tests for Pester
2. Pester tests (`*.tests.ps1`) for all functions in the module. 

In Powershell, use `test.ps1`. The scripts runs a build and imports required helper-functions like `InPesterModuleScope` before starting.
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM

```powershell
.PARAMETER CI

>   Exits after run. Enables test results and code coverage on `/src/*`. Enable exit with 1 if tests don't pass. Forces P Tests to fail when `dt` is left in the tests. `dt` only runs the specified test, so leaving it in code would run only one test from the file on the server.

Reviewer: > Enable exit with 1 if tests don't pass

This is just me nitpicking, but failed P-tests returns 1. Failed tests during the normal Pester tests that run after will result in a value greater than zero (sum of failed tests, blocks++). Maybe "_Enables exit with non-zero exit code if tests don't pass._" ?
